[std] Reword "cannot" in notes to not sound like negative permission (#6770)
cplusplus/draft: source/expressions.tex

that result is then added to 5 which results in the value assigned to
\tcode{a}. On a machine in which overflows produce an exception and in
which the range of values representable by an \tcode{int} is

> \crange{-32768}{+32767}, a valid implementation avoids rewriting this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\crange{-32768}{+32767}, an implementation is precluded from rewriting this
```

expression as
\begin{codeblock}
a = ((a + b) + 32765);
\end{codeblock}
since if the values for \tcode{a} and \tcode{b} were, respectively,
$-32754$ and $-15$, the sum \tcode{a + b} would produce an exception while

> the original expression would not; similarly, it avoids rewriting the expression

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the original expression would not; similarly, it is precluded from rewriting the expression
```

any attributes are treated as
\grammarterm{attribute-specifier-seq} in \grammarterm{lambda-expression}.
\begin{note}

> Such ambiguous cases would not have valid semantics
> because the constraint expression would not have type \keyword{bool}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Such ambiguous cases do not have valid semantics,
because the constraint expression needs to have type \keyword{bool}.
```

Author: Let's leave this as is, since I'm not sure if "needs" is actually safe.
